README.md, before:

# Django Basic Setup Project

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tamaraiselvan/Base-django-project-Setup)

## Table of contents

* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Features](#features)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [License](#license)

## General info

This Repository has the basic setup of a Django Project. Since setting and configuring a basic setup of a project by using Django is difficult. You can clone this repository for your project, and you can use it for your projects. This Repository is developed with a simplified coding style and file structure.


## Technologies

Project is created with:
* Bootstrap 5.3
* Python 3.10
* Django 4.0.4

## Features

1. Authentication, Authorization. <br>
2. Overwritten Django admin module. <br>
3. Login and Sign up and Logout.<br>
4. A Dashboard and basic Navigation system.<br>
5. A good and Mobile friendly User Interface.<br>
6. Basic UI and UX.<br>
7. Theme Customizer.<br>
8. Bulk Import & Export data.<br>
9. Automation in Profile creation.<br>
10. Automatically Delete files/images from media which are unused.<br>
11. Highly documented with appropriate comment lines for easy understading of the code.

## Setup

Follow these steps to make the project run locally:

1. Clone the repository.
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/tamaraiselvan/Base-django-project-Setup.git
   ```
2. Create a virtual environment.
   ```sh
   python -m venv virtualenviron_name
   ```
3. Activate the environment.
   ```sh
   virtualenviron_name\Scripts\activate
   ```
4. Install Requirements from the Requirements.txt file.
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
5. Once you installed the requirements, migrate the database.
   ```sh
   python manage.py migrate
   ```
6. Once after migrating, create a superuser account.
   ```sh
   python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```
7. Run the server locally on your system.
   ```sh
   python manage.py runserver
   ```
8. Open your browser and type.
   ```sh
   http://127.0.0.1:8000/
   ```
   
## License

Licensed under the MIT License.
Copyright © 2022 TS Tamarai Selvan [Copy of the license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Feature Update.
Added social authentication feature. Updated readme file & requirments.txt file.
Automation of Social Profile creation. Update in the UI.

README.md, after:

# Django Basic Setup Project

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tamaraiselvan/Base-django-project-Setup)

## Table of contents

* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Features](#features)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [License](#license)

## General info

This Repository has the basic setup of a Django Project. Since setting and configuring a basic setup of a project by using Django is difficult. You can clone this repository for your project, and you can use it for your projects. This Repository is developed with a simplified coding style and file structure.


## Technologies

Project is created with:
* Bootstrap 5.3
* Python 3.10
* Django 4.0.4

## Features

1. Authentication, Authorization. <br>
2. Overwritten Django admin module. <br>
3. Login and Sign up and Logout.<br>
4. A Dashboard and basic Navigation system.<br>
5. A good and Mobile friendly User Interface.<br>
6. Basic UI and UX.<br>
7. Theme Customizer.<br>
8. Bulk Import & Export data.<br>
9. Automation in Profile creation.<br>
10. Automatically Delete files/images from media which are unused.<br>
11. Highly documented with appropriate comment lines for easy understading of the code.

## Setup

Follow these steps to make the project run locally:

1. Clone the repository.
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/tamaraiselvan/Base-django-project-Setup.git
   ```
2. Create a virtual environment.
   ```sh
   python -m venv virtualenviron_name
   ```
3. Activate the environment.
   ```sh
   virtualenviron_name\Scripts\activate
   ```
4. Install Requirements from the Requirements.txt file.
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
5. Once you installed the requirements, migrate the database.
   ```sh
   python manage.py migrate
   ```
6. Once after migrating, create a superuser account.
   ```sh
   python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```
7. Configurations on <b>settings.py</b> file

   <b>Step 1:</b> Go to your Gmail and create an App.<br>
   [Click Here ](https://github.com/tamaraiselvan/Base-django-project-Setup/wiki/Email-Configuration.) to Refer the Documentation for the configuration.<br><br>
   <b>Step 2:</b> Go to Google could platform. Create an OAuth app.<br>
   [Click Here ](https://github.com/tamaraiselvan/Base-django-project-Setup/wiki/Google-Oauth-Configuration.) to Refer the Documentation for the configuration.
   <br><br>
   <b>Step 3:</b> Go to Github. Create an OAuth app.<br>
   [Click Here ](https://github.com/tamaraiselvan/Base-django-project-Setup/wiki/GitHub-OAuth-Configuration.) to Refer the Documentation for the configuration.

8. Run the server locally on your system.
   ```sh
   python manage.py runserver
   ```
9. Open your browser and type.
   ```sh
   http://localhost:8000/
   ```
   Note: Only on the localhost Social Authentication will work.
   
## Sponsor to TS Tamarai Selvan
[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Sponsor&message=%E2%9D%A4&logo=GitHub&color=%23fe8e86)](https://github.com/sponsors/tamaraiselvan)

## License

Licensed under the MIT License.
Copyright © 2022 TS Tamarai Selvan [Copy of the license](LICENSE).
